by
HOME BOX OFFICE
A Division of TIME WARNER
ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY, L.P.
NO, NO,
DON'T EAT COOKIES,
IT'S ALMOST
TIME FOR DINNER.
WHY DON'T
WE GO OUT ?
CHINESE ?
CHINESE,
THAT WOULD BE GREAT.
WE COULD STOP
AND GET A DRINK FIRST.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN STOP
AND HAVE A DRINK FIRST ?
WE CAN STOP AT, UH...
OOH, YOU KNOW
WHERE I WANT TO GO ?
CASTLE DEL MAR,
THE FANCY RESTAURANT
BY THE WATER.
THEN WE CAN STOP
AND HAVE A LEISURELY DRINK.
ARE YOU KIDDING, YOU CAN HAVE
A DRINK AT THE RESTAURANT
IF YOU WANT
TO HAVE A DRINK.
NO, BUT THIS
WILL BE NICE.4
IT'LL BE JUST
A FEW HOURS OF HANGING OUT,
HAVING A DRINK.
YOU KNOW, FIRST YOU
WANT TO JUST STOP OFF
AND HAVE A DRINK THERE
AND THEN GET BACK IN THE CAR,
AND THEN DRIVE
TO THE RESTAURANT.
IT SEEMS LIKE
YOU SHOULD JUST GO
AND GET THE DRINK
AT THE RESTAURANT, NO ?
I WOULD LIKE TO STOP OFF
AND HAVE A DRINK ON THE WAY.
BUT IT'S
THE SAME DRINK,
WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE
WHERE YOU HAVE THE DRINK ?
IT'S A DIFFERENT ATMOSPHERE,
YOU KNOW WHAT...
I DON'T UNDERSTAND,
IT'S A DIFFERENT ATMOSPHERE,
WHAT, I THOUGHT...
YEAH.
BUT IT'S THE DRINK,
ISN'T IT ?
THEY HAVE THE DRINK
AT THE RESTAURANT.
WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE
WHAT THE ATMOSPHERE IS ?
IT'S A BIG DIFFERENCE.
BUT DON'T YOU
WANT TO EAT ?
I DO WANT TO EAT,
BUT I WOULD LIKE TO SIT THERE
AND HAVE A DRINK AND SOCIALIZE,
AND NOT HAVE FOOD
PASSING BY US.
I DON'T SEE HOW YOU COULD JUST
SIT THERE AND HAVE A DRINK,
AND KNOWING THAT YOU
WANT TO LEAVE TO EAT.
WHEN YOU'RE
THINKING ABOUT FOOD,
HOW CAN YOU SIT
AND RELAX AND HAVE A DRINK,
IT JUST DOESN'T...
YOU'RE MISSING
THE WHOLE POINT OF THE DRINK.
THAT'S IT !
WHAT IS THE POINT
OF THE DRINK ?
I AM MISSING
THE POINT OF THE DRINK.
BECAUSE NOW YOU'RE AT A PLACE
WHERE EVERYONE'S SITTING AROUND
HAVING COCKTAILS
AND SOCIALIZING.
WELL, THEN WHY EVEN
GO TO THE RESTAURANT,
IF THE RESTAURANT
ISN'T SOCIALIZING,
THEN WHY GO
TO THE RESTAURANT ?
I DON'T WANT TO GO.
FINE, WE'LL JUST GET
TAKE OUT FOOD, GREAT.
THAT'S FINE.
GOOD.
HERE YOU ARE, SIR.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
AND HERE'S YOUR FOOD.
OKAY.
ENJOY YOUR DINNER.
THANK YOU.
BYE BYE.
* ROLLIN' ROLLIN'
ROLLIN' *
ALRIGHT.
* KEEP THOSE ROLLIN'
ROLLIN' ROLLIN'... *
HEY, JULIA LOUIS-DREYFUS CALLED.
OH, OKAY
DID YOU TELL HER
THE IDEA YET ?
NO, I'M GONNA PITCH IT
TO HER TOMORROW.
OH, SHE'S GONNA
LOVE IT, I BET.
YEAH ?
YEAH, DON'T YOU THINK ?
AH, WE'LL SEE.
OH, MY ELBOW
IS KILLING ME.
THIS TENNIS ELBOW.
OH, YEAH, YOU KNOW
WHAT YOU SHOULD DO,
YOU SHOULD
CALL JOE JOE.
DIDN'T YOU SAY HE LEAVES
MARKS ON YOU SOMETIMES ?
HE DOES, HE LEAVES
SOME BLACK AND BLUE MARKS,
BUT HE'LL FIX IT.
WHAT IS THIS,
IS THIS GARLIC NOODLES ?
THAT DOES NOT LOOK
LIKE KUNG PAO SHRIMP.
THIS ISN'T OUR FOOD.
MM HMM.
DID YOU CHECK THE ORDER
BEFORE YOU LEFT ?
YEAH, I DID, BUT I DECIDED
TO TAKE THE WRONG FOOD HOME.
THANK YOU,
THANK YOU FOR INQUIRING.
WELL, I GUESS YOU'LL JUST
HAVE TO RUN BACK THERE,
AND GET
THE RIGHT ORDER.
WHAT A PAIN
IN THE ASS.
IF YOU COULD HURRY,
THAT WOULD BE GREAT 'CAUSE...
I'LL TRY.
I'M REALLY HUNGRY.
IDIOTS.
YES, SIR,
HOW CAN I HELP YOU ?
WE GOT
THE WRONG ORDER, HERE.
OH, I'M SO SORRY,
ARE YOU DAVID ?
YEAH.
THAT MAN JUST
BROUGHT BACK YOUR ORDER.
THIS IS IT,
I'M SO SORRY THAT HAPPENED.
SIR ?
OH, OKAY,
THIS IS MINE ?
THIS IS YOURS.
OKAY, THANK YOU.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
ALAN.
OH, MY GOD.
HERE'S YOUR FOOD.
WHAT ?
WE GOT OUR
ORDERS MIXED UP.
OH, GOD.
YOU ALMOST HAD
MY KUNG PAO SHRIMP.
HOW ARE YOU ?
GOOD, HOW ARE
YOU DOING ?
GOOD,
EVERYTHING GOOD ?
YEAH.
CHERYL GOOD ?
YEAH, HOW'S EVERYTHING
AT, "HBO" ?
TREMENDOUS,
JUST TERRIFIC.
YEAH.
WONDERFUL,
COULDN'T BE BETTER.
GOOD.
WE SHOULD,
GET OUT OF HERE.
YEAH.
I'M BACK.
OH, GOOD.
WELL, THAT WAS
REALLY PLEASANT.
THANK YOU SO MUCH,
IT'LL BE WORTH IT.
YOU KNOW WHO I RAN INTO,
ALAN WASSERMANN.
THAT'S WHO
HAD OUR FOOD,
ALAN WASSERMANN.
WAIT, AM I,
DO I KNOW HIM ?
THE GUY FROM "HBO",
THE PRESIDENT OF "HBO".
OH, OOOH.
YEAH, REMEMBER TWO YEARS AGO
I GOT OUT OF THAT SPECIAL.
I TOLD HIM MY STEPFATHER
GOT IN AN ACCIDENT.
YEAH, WHY DID YOU MAKE UP
A LIE ABOUT A STEPFATHER ?
YOU DON'T EVEN
HAVE A STEPFATHER.
WELL, I JUST THOUGHT
IT WAS A BETTER LIE.
'CAUSE YOU MAKE UP A LIE
ABOUT A STEPFATHER,
YOU'LL BE BELIEVED,
DON'T YOU THINK ?
THAT MUST'VE
BEEN AWKWARD.
YEAH, IT WAS
PRETTY AWKWARD,
BUT HE DIDN'T MENTION ANYTHING,
AND NEITHER DID I,
SO, I DON'T KNOW.
WANT SOME NOODLES ?
GET SOME OF THIS
KUNG PAO SHRIMP.
WHERE'S ALL
THE SHRIMP, HERE ?
HMM ?
WHERE'S ALL THE SHRIMP ?
THERE'S ONLY THREE SHRIMP.
IN THAT GIANT CONTAINER
THERE'S...
YEAH, THREE SHRIMP.
THERE'S USUALLY
MORE THAN THAT.
THERE'S, LIKE, 10.
WELL, YOU CAN HAVE 'EM.
DID HE TAKE
THE SHRIMP ?
I'LL BET YOU
HE TOOK THE SHRIMP.
WASSERMANN ?
YEAH.
HE WAS PROBABLY HUNGRY,
HE GOT THE CONTAINER.
HE KNEW, HE SAW
IT WASN'T HIS FOOD.
AND HE ATE SHRIMP,
AND THEN BROUGHT IT BACK.
WOULD HE REALLY DO SOMETHING
LIKE THAT, THOUGH ?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN
WOULD HE REALLY...
THERE'S THREE SHRIMP
IN THERE.
I REALLY DON'T WANT TO BE EATING
AFTER SOMEBODY ELSE.
WELL, I MEAN, IT'S JUST
THE WHOLE NOTION OF,
THE GUY GETS
THE WRONG ORDER OF FOOD,
AND TAKES FOOD
THAT DOESN'T BELONG TO HIM.
AND THEN RETURNS IT ?
WHAT, THINKING
WE'RE NOT GONNA NOTICE THIS ?
THE GUY TOOK
OUR SHRIMP.
GOOD, NICE MOVE.
HI, LAR.
IT'S GOOD
TO SEE YOU.
YEAH, GOOD TO SEE YOU.
DID IT TAKE YOU
A LONG TIME TO GET HERE ?
WELL, MAYBE ABOUT
25 MINUTES, HALF HOUR.
OH MY GOD,
THAT TRAFFIC.
YEAH...
NEXT TIME I'LL
COME TO YOUR OFFICE.
NO, WHAT ARE
YOU KIDDING ?
NO, I'M NOT KIDDING.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO COME,
I'LL COME HERE NEXT TIME.
I'M HAPPY TO COME
TO YOUR OFFICE.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO COME TO ME,
I'M VERY HAPPY TO COME HERE.
NO, WE CAN GO
BACK AND FORTH.
WE DON'T NEED BACK AND FORTH,
WE'LL JUST DO FORTH,
WE DON'T NEED BACK.
YOU'VE TURNED INTO
A VERY NICE MAN ALL OF A SUDDEN.
I'M A LOVELY GENTLEMAN.
SO, WHAT'S THIS IDEA,
I'M DYING TO HEAR IT.
ALRIGHT,
HERE'S THE IDEA.
YEAH.
THAT YOU PLAY
AN ACTRESS.
WHO WAS ON A BIG T.V. SHOW,
A BIG HIT SHOW, LIKE A SEINFELD.
AND WHEN THE SHOW ENDS,
THE ACTRESS HAS
TROUBLE GETTING WORK.
BECAUSE EVERYBODY IDENTIFIES HER
WITH THIS CHARACTER,
WHO SHE PLAYED
ON THE SHOW.
RIGHT.
LET'S SAY SHE PLAYED,
UM, EVELYN, OKAY.
OKAY.
AND SHE GROWS TO HATE
THE CHARACTER, EVELYN.
AND SHE BECOMES
EMBITTERED AND HOSTILE,
AND ALL THESE PEOPLE WHO ARE
YELLING OUT EVELYN ALL THE TIME,
AND EVERYBODY WANTS
HER TO DO EVELYN.
AND SHE CAN'T GET WORK
BECAUSE OF EVELYN.
AND THAT'S THE SHOW ?
THAT'S THE SHOW.
THAT'S A PRETTY
INTERESTING IDEA.
YOU THINK SO ?
YEAH, THE THING THAT
I LOVE ABOUT IT IS THAT,
YOU KNOW,
THIS DOES HAPPEN TO ME.
AND IT HAPPENS TO YOU,
YOU'RE ABLE TO DEAL WITH THIS.
"ELAINE, ELAINE,
ARE YOU ELAINE ?"
I MEAN, THAT HAPPENED TO ME
LAST WEEK, I WAS SKIING.
HEY EVELYN, EVELYN,
IT'LL BE ON THE SERIES, EVELYN.
"HEY EVELYN".
HEY, THAT'S A GOOD NAME
FOR THE SERIES.
HOW ABOUT THIS,
"AREN'T YOU EVELYN ?"
THAT'S PRETTY GOOD.
I MEAN, I THINK
IT'S A REALLY FUNNY IDEA.
BUT I WONDER IF IT'S
BETTER SUITED FOR SOMEBODY...
LIKE JASON.
JASON, I DON'T...
THIS ISN'T
JASON AT ALL.
I THINK HE'S COMPLETELY
WRONG FOR IT.
WELL, I MEAN,
BUT HE PLAYED SUCH A...
I DON'T KNOW,
AN IDIOT ON THE SHOW.
MAYBE IT WOULD BE BETTER SUITED
FOR SOMEBODY LIKE JASON.
I COULD SEE YOU BEING
MORE FRUSTRATED THAN JASON,
'CAUSE YOU KNOW HOW MANY
DIFFERENT THINGS YOU CAN DO.
YEAH, THAT'S TRUE.
REALLY, THIS IS ALL HE CAN DO,
BETWEEN YOU AND ME.
YEAH, YOU KNOW,
I'M MORE...
YEAH, YOU'RE
MORE VERSATILE.
VERSATILE.
RIGHT, THAT'S WHY
I SEE IT FOR YOU.
YEAH, ALRIGHT,
I LIKE THIS IDEA A LOT.
YOU DO ?
YEAH, I LIKE IT.
OH, GOOD,
I'M SO RELIEVED.
SO LET'S PITCH IT,
LET'S PITCH IT TO "HBO".
AT "HBO" ?
WELL, I WANT TO BE ABLE
TO SAY "FUCK", YOU KNOW.
WHAT'S THE BIG DEAL
ABOUT SAYING FUCK ?
COCKSUCKER.
YOU DON'T WANT TO SAY THOSE,
YOU DON'T NEED TO SAY THAT.
YOU KNOW, I HAVEN'T REALLY
GOTTEN TO SAY THAT A LOT.
I HAVEN'T.
I WOULD LIKE TO
BE ABLE TO SAY THAT,
FUCK.
BESIDES, I HAVE A LITTLE
PROBLEM WITH THAT, UH...
THE GUY WHO RUNS IT UP THERE,
ALAN WASSERMANN.
OH, THE PRESIDENT ?
YEAH.
WHAT PROBLEM ?
I THINK HE'S A BAD GUY,
I'M NOT GONNA GO INTO WHY.
I JUST DON'T THINK
HE'S A GOOD GUY AT ALL.
BUT, I MEAN, WHAT IF
WE DIDN'T DEAL WITH HIM ?
LET ME TELL YOU WHY
I'M BRINGING THIS UP.
I'VE GOT A FRIEND,
A PRETTY GOOD FRIEND,
MICHAEL HALBREICH,
WHO WORKS THERE,
I DON'T KNOW
IF YOU KNOW HIM.
GAY GUY ?
GAY, NO, HE'S NOT GAY,
HE'S MARRIED.
MICHAEL HALBREICH ?
YEAH.
REALLY ?
YEAH, HE'S MARRIED.
OH, I COULD HAVE SWORN
HE WAS GAY, THAT GUY.
OH, NO,
I'VE KNOWN HIM FOR YEARS.
IN FACT, I'M IN A POKER GAME
WITH MICHAEL AND HIS WIFE...
BOY, THAT'S GREAT,
I WISH I WAS IN A POKER GAME.
WELL, THAT'S WHAT
I WAS GONNA SAY,
WHY DON'T YOU JOIN ?
BECAUSE ONE OF THE COUPLES
WHO'S IN THE GAME,
THEY'RE GOING TO
THE GALAPAGOS ISLANDS,
THEY'RE NOT
GONNA BE AROUND,
AND IT WOULD BE GREAT IF YOU
AND CHERYL WOULD LIKE TO PLAY,
'CAUSE WE ACTUALLY
NEED ANOTHER COUPLE.
I'LL ASK CHERYL.
I'LL PLAY EVEN IF
SHE DOESN'T WANT TO.
OKAY, YEAH, ASK HER,
AND THEN YOU COULD
ALSO GET TO KNOW HIM.
HE'S A NICE GUY.
OKAY.
I'D JUST LIKE
TO PUT "HBO" IN THE MIX,
I'D REALLY LIKE TO.
ALRIGHT, "HBO".
ALRIGHT, EXCITING.
OW, OH, OW.
OW, OW, AH,
OH GOD,
GEEZ, OW !
THAT A WAY, JOE JOE.
GET IN THERE.
AH, SHUT...
SHE HAS A VERY
HIGH TOLERANCE FOR PAIN,
THIS WOMAN,
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
OW, WAIT,
WAIT, THAT'S OW...
JULIE LOUIS-DREYFUS
INVITED US TO PLAY POKER.
SHE'S IN THIS
POKER GAME....
OKAY, DO WE HAVE TO TALK
ABOUT THIS RIGHT NOW ?
OW, OW.
WE'RE FINISHED.
THAT'S IT ?
THAT'S IT, JUST GOT
TO WASH MY HANDS.
THANK YOU.
THE MAN'S AN ARTIST.
OH, MY GOD.
WHAT HAPPENED,
HE HURT YOU ?
OH, MY GOD.
WHAT DO YOU GOT ?
OH, THAT'S NOTHING.
THAT'S GONNA BE
A LOT WORSE IN TWO DAYS.
I REALLY DON'T LIKE
THAT YOU'RE TAKING
SO MUCH PLEASURE
IN THIS.
OH.
ANYBODY HAVE
A COUGH DROP ?
WOULD YOU LIKE
A FISHERMAN'S FRIEND ?
YEAH, SURE, GIVE ME
A FISHERMAN'S FRIEND.
ALRIGHT,
HAVE ONE OF THESE.
THANK YOU.
DO YOU WANT ONE JULIA ?
ALRIGHT,
THANK YOU.
MM, VERY GOOD.
BOY, I CAN'T BELIEVE
WE'RE HERE.
I KNOW, THIS IS AMAZING,
ISN'T IT ?
PITCHING
ANOTHER SHOW.
IT'S EXCITING.
THE TWO OF US,
DOING THIS TOGETHER ?
OH, LORD,
I DON'T LIKE THIS AT ALL.
OH, I LIKE IT A LOT.
HOW LONG HAVE YOU
BEEN HER MANAGER ?
UH, THREE...
NO, ALMOST,
ACTUALLY FOUR YEARS.
IS IT FOUR NOW ?
WELL, TIME FLIES
WHEN YOU'RE HAVING FUN, HEY ?
YEAH.
EVEN WHEN
YOU'RE NOT.
OOH.
SO, TELL ME WHAT YOU
THINK OF THIS, OKAY.
WHAT ?
MY WIFE AND I ARE GOING
OUT FOR CHINESE FOOD
THE OTHER NIGHT.
SHE SAID THAT SHE WANTS
TO STOP OFF FOR A DRINK FIRST.
I DON'T GET THIS.
WHY PARK THE CAR,
GO INTO THIS HOTEL,
HAVE THE DRINK,
THEN COME BACK OUT,
GET IN THE CAR AGAIN,
DRIVE TO THE RESTAURANT.
IT JUST SEEMS LIKE
A HUGE WASTE OF TIME,
YOU CAN GET A DRINK
AT THE RESTAURANT.
IT'S SORT OF
AN OLD-FASHIONED...
YEAH, IT IS.
ROMANTIC IDEA,
DON'T YOU THINK ?
YEAH, IT'S LOVELY.
WE'RE JUST GOING OUT
TO EAT, THAT'S ALL.
DID YOU GO OUT
FOR THE DRINK ?
NO.
WAS SHE MAD ?
VERY ANNOYED.
YEAH, WE'RE NOT
ON GOOD TERMS BECAUSE OF IT.
I THINK YOU
WERE TOTALLY RIGHT.
YEAH, SEE.
IT MAKES NO SENSE, UNLESS
YOU'RE TRYING TO GET LAID.
AND MAYBE THAT'S WHAT
SHE WAS TRYING TO DO.
MAYBE CHERYL
WANTED TO GET LAID.
OKAY, I GOT YOUR POINT.
LISTEN, THE TWO OF YOU
WILL TAKE THIS.
YOU KNOW, I'LL JUST,
I'LL INTRODUCE IT,
AND YOU'LL RUN
WITH IT, OKAY ?
YEAH.
THEY'RE READY
FOR YOU GUYS NOW.
OH, THEN
HERE WE GO THEN.
YOU READY ?
HEY.
HEY, THERE THEY ARE.
HI, HOW ARE YOU ?
GOOD TO SEE YOU TOO.
HI, MICHAEL,
HOW ARE YOU ?
OH, EUROPEAN.
YES, VERY.
OH, HI,
HOW ARE YOU ?
EVERYBODY,
GOOD TO SEE YOU.
DO YOU KNOW,
MICHAEL HALBREICH ?
YEAH, HI MICHAEL.
LARRY, NICE TO
SEE YOU AGAIN.
VERY CUTE.
I HAVE IT
IN BLUE TOO.
REALLY, I GAVE MELISSA
ONE OF THOSE, IT'S REALLY NICE.
HEY, HONEY.
YOU ALRIGHT ?
HI, LARRY,
IT'S JUDY.
WELL, IT'S NICE
TO SEE YOU HERE.
BOY, THAT, TOOK ABOUT
45 MINUTES FOR THAT, DIDN'T IT ?
YEAH.
JESUS CHRIST.
SORRY, LARRY.
HEY, YOU GOTTA
MAKE THE NICE.
YEAH.
GOTTA MAKE THE NICE.
YOU'VE GOTTA
MAKE THE NICE.
YEAH.
HOW'S YOUR
STEP FATHER DOING ?
GOOD.
HE'S DOING
BETTER NOW, HUH ?
YEAH.
YEAH, MIRACULOUS RECOVERY
HE HAD, HUH ?
( laughing )
ALRIGHT,
SO, TALK TO ME.
UH, WE GOT A BIG SHOW TO PITCH
FOR YOU, BIG, BIG SHOW.
ALRIGHT.
SOMETHING DIFFERENT,
SOMETHING INTERESTING.
I'LL LET THE PRINCIPLES
TAKE CARE OF IT FOR YOU.
ALRIGHT, WELL, LARRY
AND I WERE TALKING ABOUT THIS...
CONCEPT RECENTLY, AND I THINK
IT'S PRETTY EXCITING.
ALRIGHT, YOU START,
AND THEN I'LL, YOU KNOW,
DO A DANCE
AND CHEERLEAD AND STUFF.
( laughing )
HOW WERE THE GARLIC NOODLES,
THE OTHER NIGHT ?
WHAT ?
THE GARLIC NOODLES ?
I DIDN'T TOUCH
YOUR GARLIC NOODLES.
I DIDN'T SAY YOU TOUCHED
MY GARLIC NOODLES.
THEY WERE YOUR
GARLIC NOODLES.
RIGHT.
BUT YOU DID
TOUCH THE SHRIMP.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT ?
RIGHT AL.
I ORDERED CHINESE FOOD
THE OTHER NIGHT,
AND WE GOT
OUR ORDERS MIXED UP,
AND WHEN I GOT
MY ORDER BACK FROM HIM,
ABOUT SEVEN OR EIGHT SHRIMP
WERE MISSING.
OH, NO.
MYSTERIOUSLY DISAPPEARED,
THE SHRIMP
MYSTERIOUSLY DISAPPEARED.
I DIDN'T TOUCH
YOUR SHRIMP.
WHO GIVES A SHIT,
COME ON LARRY.
I DON'T WANT TO TALK
ABOUT THE SHRIMP,
I WOULD UNDERSTAND
THAT YOU DON'T WANT
TO TALK ABOUT IT, YEAH.
LOOK, LARRY, YOU GOT YOUR FOOD,
I GOT MY FOOD.
YEAH, YOU GOT YOUR FULL ORDER,
I GOT MINE, MINUS SEVEN SHRIMP.
YOU COUNTED THE SHRIMP,
YOU'RE A SHRIMP COUNTER NOW.
WELL, IT'S PRETTY OBVIOUS
WHEN THERE'S TWO SHRIMP.
RIGHT, LISTEN, LARRY,
I DIDN'T TOUCH
YOUR FUCKING SHRIMP.
REALLY ?
IF YOU WANT SHRIMP,
TAKE YOUR $475 MILLION,
AND GO BUY
A FUCKING SHRIMP BOAT.
YEAH, OKAY.
LARRY, COME ON.
OH, HE'S GONNA
WALK OUT NOW.
THIS IS WHAT
HE'S FAMOUS FOR.
NOTHING CHANGES
IN 25 YEARS WITH THIS GUY.
SAME SHIT.
I'M SORRY,
I'M REALLY SORRY.
I'M SO SORRY.
WHAT WHERE YOU DOING ?
WHAT WAS THAT ?
HE INSULTED ME.
HOW ?
HE IMPLIED THAT I WAS LYING
ABOUT MY STEPFATHER.
YOU DON'T HAVE
A STEPFATHER.
I KNOW, BUT I DIDN'T
LIKE THE IMPLICATION.
THE IMPLICATION FOR
YOUR IMAGINARY STEPFATHER ?
HOW CAN HE INSULT YOU ABOUT
SOMEBODY WHO'S IMAGINARY, LARRY.
FOR GOODNESS SAKE...
WELL, BECAUSE IT WAS...
LET ME JUST ASK YOU SOMETHING,
WHAT IS THE SHRIMP BUSINESS ?
WELL, HE GOT MY CONTAINER,
BY MISTAKE,
FROM THE CHINESE RESTAURANT,
AND HE TOOK OUT EIGHT SHRIMP
FROM IT,
THAT DIDN'T BELONG TO HIM,
AND THEN GAVE IT BACK TO ME.
AS IF I WASN'T GONNA KNOW
THAT HE TOOK THE SHRIMP.
WHAT DOES HE THINK,
I'M A MORON ?
LARRY, EVERYBODY STEALS SHRIMP,
AND EVERYBODY LIES ABOUT IT.
THIS IS HOLLYWOOD.
YOU GOT TO APOLOGIZE
TO THIS GUY.
PLEASE.
YOU HAVE
TO APOLOGIZE.
WE WANT TO MAKE THIS HERE,
I WANT TO MAKE THIS HERE.
COME ON,
GO APOLOGIZE.
AND I'M GONNA TELL YOU
SOMETHING ELSE, TOO.
YOU HAVE TO GET YOURSELF
INTO MAJOR PSYCHOANALYSIS.
OH, I'M IN ANALYSIS,
IT DOESN'T DO ANYTHING.
WHAT KIND
OF ANALYSIS ?
DOES NOTHING.
APPARENTLY NOT.
HAVE YOU TALKED TO HIM ABOUT
YOUR IMAGINARY STEPFATHER ?
I'LL TELL YOU THIS,
RIGHT NOW.
WHAT ?
I'M GOING BACK TO
THAT CHINESE RESTAURANT,
AND I'M GONNA GO
COUNT THE SHRIMP
AND ASK THEM HOW MANY
THEY PUT IN THE CONTAINER,
AND I'LL BET YOU
THERE'S EIGHT MISSING, AT LEAST.
YOU DO THAT !
WHY DON'T
( chattering )
EVERYONE THE GAME
IS FIVE CARD STUD.
ANTI UP THERE...
SO, MICKEY,
WHAT DO YOU DO ?
I'M A DENTIST.
I'VE BEEN BRAD
AND JULIA'S DENTIST FOR YEARS.
REALLY, MICKEY,
THAT IS GOOD TO KNOW,
BECAUSE I ACTUALLY
NEED A DENTIST,
MINE JUST MOVED.
OH, WELL, GIVE CANDY
A CALL ON MONDAY.
I WILL.
YOU KNOW,
MY DENTIST TOLD ME
I HAVE THE GUMS
OF A 25-YEAR-OLD MAN.
( laughing )
I THINK IT WAS ABOUT
THE NICEST THING ANYONE'S
EVER SAID TO ME.
EVERYTHING'S OKAY
WITH YOU AND ALAN, RIGHT ?
LARRY, YOU GUYS ARE ALL
MADE UP AND EVERYTHING ?
YES, WE KISSED
AND MADE UP.
THIS IS THE UNFORTUNATE
SHRIMP INCIDENT ?
YES, THAT'S THE ONE.
I'VE BEEN DYING
TO HEAR THIS.
WELL, WHAT HAPPENED WAS,
THERE WAS A MIX UP AT
A CHINESE TAKE OUT RESTAURANT,
WHERE LARRY GOT ALAN'S ORDER,
AND ALAN, LARRY'S.
AND I GUESS WHEN
THEY SWITCHED THEM BACK,
ALAN HAD TAKEN SIX
OR SEVEN OF YOUR SHRIMP ?
THAT'S MY CLAIM, YEAH.
ALLEGEDLY.
RIGHT, AND IT TURNED
INTO A BIG THING,
AND HE STOMPED OUT
OF THE MEETING,
WHICH I HAD
NEVER SEEN BEFORE.
I ALMOST THOUGHT
IT WAS NOT REAL, BUT IT WAS.
SO, I SAW THE JACKSON POLLACK
MOVIE THE NIGHT BEFORE,
AND I GOT VERY INFLUENCED
BY THE ARTIST, YOU KNOW.
WELL, IT WAS
VERY IMPRESSIVE.
BUT EVERYTHING'S FINE NOW,
AND WE'RE VERY DELIGHTED
YOU GUYS ARE WITH "HBO",
VERY HAPPY TO HAVE YOU.
WHERE ARE WE ?
I'VE LOST MY...
I'M OUT, SHE'S OUT.
I'M IN,
I'M IN.
NO, YOU'RE NOT OUT,
SWEETIE, IT'S ONLY TWO.
OH GOD, OKAY.
OKAY, YOUR GOOD.
ALRIGHT,
I'M SUCH A DITZ, OKAY.
SO, LARRY, HOW COME YOU GUYS
DIDN'T TAKE THE SHOW TO "NBC",
WITH THE HISTORY
YOU GUYS HAVE THERE ?
CHERYL, YOU WANT
TO ANSWER THAT QUESTION ?
BECAUSE
I WOULDN'T LET HIM.
YOU WOULDN'T LET HIM ?
NO, BECAUSE G.E.
WILL NOT TAKE RESPONSIBILITY
FOR DUMPING THE P.C.P.'S
IN THE HUDSON RIVER.
AND I SAY,
WHY KEEP SUPPORTING THEM,
IT'S RIDICULOUS.
GOOD FOR YOU.
BUT THE MAIN THING I WOULD
LIKE TO ADD IS THAT ON "HBO",
YOU CAN SAY "FUCK".
AND THAT IS, YOU KNOW,
VERY TEMPTING...
SO YOU THROW IN A FUCK,
YOU DOUBLE YOUR LAUGHS.
FUCK IS
A CROWD PLEASER.
NEXT GAME.
THE GAME IS...
THE GAME IS GUTS.
CARD SKILL GAME BRAD.
NO ONE APPRECIATES GUTS,
WHAT'S THE MATTER ?
LET'S PLAY IT.
TWO CARD GUTS
OR THREE CARD GUTS ?
TWO CARD GUTS,
TWO CARDS DOWN.
WHOEVER LOSES
HAS TO MATCH THE POT.
WE KEEP BETTING
UNTIL PEOPLE DROP OUT.
THIS IS STIFF.
THIS COULD
BE RECORD-BREAKING.
YOU SHOW BIZ TYPES
GET A LITTLE RICHER THAN THE...
THE DENTAL PROFESSION.
I'LL BET YOU THERE'S ABOUT
$800 IN THERE, YOU KNOW THAT ?
I WOULD SAY AT LEAST.
IT'S ALRIGHT.
LET'S TRY.
I'M IN.
YES !
I'M OUT.
I CAN'T DO IT EITHER.
I DON'T EVEN HAVE
ENOUGH TO COVER THAT.
NOT A CHANCE.
NO, I'M OUT.
GO IN, SOMEBODY.
YEAH.
MELISSA, COME ON.
NO, OUT.
OH, MICHAEL...
I'M HERE,
I'M HERE, UH...
IN.
I'M OUT,
NO, I'M OUT.
MICHAEL.
HALL YOU MUST GO IN,
SHE'S GONNA STEAL
THE WHOLE THING.
COME ON, DON'T LET
HER STEAL THIS THING.
HOW MUCH IS THAT ?
A LOT.
IT'S ABOUT, SEVEN,
$800 IN THERE, COME ON.
SEVEN, $800, OKAY.
ARE YOU SERIOUS ?
I REALLY CAN'T DO IT,
I'VE GOT NOTHING...
AAAAH !
OH, MY GOD,
LOOK AT THAT, HOLY COW.
YOU'VE GOT TO TELL US
HOW MUCH THAT IS.
WHAT DID YOU HAVE ?
I HAD A SIX AND A 10.
OH, I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU STOLE THIS POT.
I'M SORRY.
WHAT A BLUFF,
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
WHAT DID YOU HAVE ?
I HAD NOTHING,
TWO AND A FOUR.
TWO AND A FOUR,
THAT'S WHAT I HAD, NOTHING.
WHAT DID YOU HAVE ?
I AM AFRAID TO SAY,
I HAD AN ACE HIGH.
ACE HIGH ?
SWEETIE.
HOW COULD YOU NOT GO IN
WITH AN ACE HIGH ?
OH, YOU CUNT,
WHAT A CUNT !
I CAN'T BELIEVE THAT
YOU DIDN'T GO IN WITH THAT.
I, I...
I JUST THOUGHT SHE...
OH, WHAT A HAND, THAT'S
A GREAT HAND FOR THIS GAME.
UM...
WOW.
LARRY,
I THINK...
HOW COULD YOU NOT GO IN
WITH AN ACE HIGH ?
LARRY, I THINK THAT'S KIND
OF A MISOGYNIST THING TO SAY.
OH, COME ON,
I'M KIDDING AROUND.
ON BEHALF OF THE WOMEN
AT THIS TABLE, AND MYSELF,
I AM OFFENDED BY THAT.
OH, PLEASE,
WE'RE PLAYING POKER HERE.
THAT KIND OF LANGUAGE
IS NOT ALLOWED IN A GAME,
IN A DECENT GAME.
THAT'S SO UNACCEPTABLE,
THAT'S NOT OKAY.
IT'S OKAY, I'M FINE.
IT'S FINE.
IT'S NOT FINE.
YOU KNOW WHAT,
TIME TO GO, HOW ABOUT THAT ?
YEAH, I THINK
I'M GONNA CALL IT A NIGHT,
AND THE PARISHES
ARE BACK NEXT WEEK, RIGHT ?
YEAH, THEY'RE BACK
FROM THE GALAPAGOS.
IT WAS NICE MEETING
YOU GUYS, THANK YOU.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
YEAH, I'M GONNA
CALL YOU ABOUT MY...
YOU DO THAT,
CALL CANDY.
BYE, THANKS FOR COMING.
IT WAS NICE
MEETING YOU.
I'M SORRY IF
I OFFENDED ANYONE.
THANKS FOR COMING YOU GUYS,
IT WAS GREAT TO SEE YOU.
YEAH, WE'LL SEE YOU
NEXT WEEK.
SO I GUESS WE PROBABLY
WON'T BE INVITED BACK
TO THEIR POKER GAME.
YEAH, I DON'T THINK SO.
YOU THINK ?
I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU DID THAT.
OH, COME ON.
YOU JUST SHOUTED OUT
THE "C" WORD IN FRONT OF WOMEN,
IN FRONT OF OTHER PEOPLE,
YOU DON'T JUST...
IT'S A WORD YOU USE WHEN
SOMEBODY DOESN'T ACT MANLY.
AND HE DIDN'T ACT MANLY,
HE SHOULD'VE GONE IN.
HE SHOULD'VE GONE IN
WITH THAT ACE.
I THINK THERE ARE OTHER WORDS
THAT YOU COULD USE,
BESIDES THAT ONE.
WELL, MAYBE IN RETROSPECT,
I SHOULD'VE SAID PUSSY.
GEEZ, I CAN'T BE...
I'M REALLY SHOCKED.
I CAN'T BELIEVE THAT GUY
CALLED ME A MISOGYNIST.
NOBODY EVER
CALLED ME THAT BEFORE.
WELL, MAYBE YOU ARE.
MAYBE, I'M LEARNING
THINGS ABOUT YOU.
MAYBE, I AM
A MISOGYNIST.
MAYBE I LIKE TO BEAT
MY WIFE A LITTLE BIT, HUH ?
OW, OW, WAIT, NO.
YOU LITTLE BITCH.
AAH NO !
OKAY, I'LL BE GOOD,
I PROMISE.
BUCKLE UP !
I'M BUCKLING.
AND WASSERMANN SAYS
THIS IS OUR LAST CHANCE.
THIS IS IT.
'CAUSE OF WHAT
YOU SAID TO HALBREICH.
AND ALL OF
THE WOMEN AT "HBO",
THEY DON'T WANT
TO WORK WITH YOU.
OH, COME ON,
THAT'S RIDICULOUS.
THEY THINK
YOU'RE A MISOGYNIST.
WHY, 'CAUSE I CALLED
THE GUY A CUNT, SO WHAT !
'CAUSE YOU CALLED
THE GUY A CUNT.
BIG DEAL, I CALL MEN
"PRICKS" ALL THE TIME,
MEN WANT
TO WORK WITH ME.
WELL, CUNT'S WORSE.
CUNT'S NOT WORSE,
PRICKS AND CUNTS, THEY'RE EQUAL.
PRICKS, CUNTS,
COME ON.
THEY BALANCE OUT.
NO, CUNT'S
MUCH HEAVIER.
WHY IS CUNT HEAVIER ?
I NEVER QUESTIONED,
IT JUST IS.
THAT'S SEXIST
TO ME, COME ON.
MICHAEL HALBREICH
TOOK A LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN ?
FROM YOU CALLING HIM A CUNT,
HE'S SHELL-SHOCKED,
AND HE'S EXAMINING
EVERYTHING IN HIS LIFE.
TAKING A LEAVE
OF ABSENCE.
MAN, IS THAT SO ?
YEAH.
SHIT, I THOUGHT HE WAS ONE OF
THOSE EFFEMINATE HETEROSEXUALS.
THERE'S NO SUCH THING AS
AN EFFEMINATE HETEROSEXUAL.
YOU'RE EITHER GAY
OR YOU'RE NOT GAY.
HE WAS GAY,
HE'S GAY.
HI, WOULD YOU LIKE
TO BE SEATED ?
NO, ACTUALLY, I'M A LITTLE
CURIOUS ABOUT SOMETHING,
WE'RE HAVING
A LITTLE DISPUTE.
HOW MANY SHRIMP DO YOU GENERALLY
PUT IN THE KUNG PAO SHRIMP ?
11.
YOU ALWAYS PUT IN 11 ?
WE HAVE A VERY
STRICT POLICY ABOUT THAT.
THANK YOU,
VERY MUCH.
HI, MICKEY.
OH, SO IT'S
THIS CHERYL.
YES, GOOD TO
SEE YOU AGAIN.
GOOD TO SEE
YOU AGAIN.
WELL, THAT WAS
QUITE A POKER GAME...
YES.
I DON'T THINK WE EVER
HAD ONE LIKE THAT.
YEAH, LARRY CAN GET
A LITTLE CARRIED AWAY SOMETIMES,
I GUESS.
HE TAKES
HIS POKER VERY...
OH, THIS BRUISE,
THERE'S A FUNNY STORY HERE.
CHERYL, UM, I...
I BARELY KNOW YOU,
BUT WHEN WE WERE COMING OUT OF
THE POKER GAME THE OTHER NIGHT,
WE SAW INTO YOUR CAR,
AND WE SAW LARRY
HITTING YOU.
OKAY, UM...
THIS IS, LARRY AND I DO
A LITTLE BIT SOMETIMES,
WHERE HE ACTS LIKE
HE'S PUNCHING ME,
AND I ACT LIKE,
"AAH, I'M GETTING HURT".
UH, WE JUST
KIND OF DO...
YOU'LL HAVE
TO EXCUSE ME,
I DON'T DEAL
WITH THIS KIND OF THING OFTEN,
BUT IF YOU WOULD LIKE
TO TALK WITH ME ABOUT THIS,
IN THIS CUBICLE,
WE HAVE PATIENT,
DOCTOR CONFIDENTIALITY.
UH-UH, AND THAT APPLIES
TO DENTISTS TOO ?
OH, I THINK SO.
I THINK WE'RE ON
THE WRONG PAGE HERE.
YEAH, I HAVE A VERY GOOD
SOCIAL WORKER FRIEND,
MICKEY, LISTEN, THIS IS
A COMPLETE MISUNDERSTANDING.
THERE'S NO MISUNDERSTANDING
WHAT WE SAW LARRY DO TO MICHAEL
AT THAT CARD GAME.
THERE'S NO MISUNDERSTANDING
THAT I SAW HIM BEATING YOU
IN YOUR CAR.
I HAVE SEEN
LARRY DAVID IN ACTION,
AND THAT MAN
IS AN ANIMAL,
AND HE HAS
TO BE STOPPED !
LARRY ?
SO THAT'S IT,
IT'S ALL OVER AT "HBO".
DENTIST GOT IN TOUCH
WITH WASSERMANN,
THINKS I'M
A WIFE BEATER.
HE THINKS
I'M A WIFE BEATER.
I MEAN,
IT'S SO CRAZY.
I KNOW.
THERE'S OTHER NETWORKS,
RIGHT ?
THIS IS NOT THE END
OF THE WORLD, "HBO".
WE'LL GO TO "ABC".
I DON'T HAVE
TO BE AT "HBO".
NO.
IT'S NOT T.V.,
IT'S T.V.
WHAT DO YOU THINK
PEOPLE ARE WATCHING ?
YEAH.
WATCH IT ON T.V.
THEY DON'T GO TO
THE MOVIES TO SEE IT.
HOW ARE WE DOING
OVER HERE, FOLKS, OKAY ?
I THINK I'M DONE.
CAN I GET THIS OUT
OF THE WAY FOR YOU ?
OKAY, GREAT.
DELICIOUS.
YOU LIKE IT ?
GREAT.YEAH.
HOW ABOUT DESSERT MENU,
WE GOT A LOT OF GOOD STUFF ?
UM, YEAH, EXCELLENT.
YOU KNOW WHAT, I THINK
WE'LL JUST TAKE THE BILL.
YOU SURE ?
OKAY, I'LL BE
RIGHT BACK.
LET'S GO TO SHUTTERS,
AND GET DESSERT THERE.
JUST GET A CHANGE
OF SCENERY.
YOU DON'T WANT
DESSERT HERE ?
IT WOULD JUST BE MORE FUN
TO GO SOME PLACE ELSE.
RELAX BY THE BEACH.
WHY, BUT WE'RE
ALREADY HERE ?
WE COULD HAVE DESSERT
IN TWO MINUTES,
THEN WE COULD...
BUT IT'S NOT ALL ABOUT
JUST THE DESSERT.
WHAT'S IT ABOUT ?
IT'S A LITTLE BIT
OF AN ADVENTURE
TO GO SOME PLACE ELSE
AND SEE SOMETHING NEW.
I DON'T KNOW IF THAT'S
ANY ADVENTURE, REALLY.
THAT'S AN ADVENTURE.
THAT'S AN ADVENTURE ?
YOU KNOW WHAT, FINE.
I JUST
DON'T GET IT.
I MEAN, BECAUSE
IT'S RIDICULOUS.
WHERE HAVING A MEAL...
WE'RE HAVING
A GOOD TIME,
AND I JUST SUGGEST
TO GO TO SOMETHING...
YOU'RE BREAKING UP
THE GOOD TIME TO..
THE GOOD TIME.
'CAUSE I FEEL LIKE
I WANT A CUP OF COFFEE
AFTER I EAT DINNER.
I DON'T FEEL
LIKE GETTING UP
AND GOING TO A CAR
AND DRIVING SOME PLACE,
YOU KNOW, LARRY,
I WOULD JUST LIKE TO GO HOME.
QUICK CUP OF DECAF ?
CAN I GET IT TO GO ?
THAT'S DIFFERENT,
THOUGH.
( knocking )
ARE YOU MRS. DAVID ?
YES, I AM.
HI, I'M LINDA JOHNSON
FROM SOCIAL SERVICES.
WE RECEIVED A PHONE CALL
THAT THERE WAS SOME
DOMESTIC VIOLENCE
GOING ON IN THIS HOUSEHOLD ?
OH, ACTUALLY, THIS IS ALL
A BIG MISUNDERSTANDING.
OH, YEAH, THIS.
WOULD YOU CARE
TO PRESS CHARGES ?
* LA LA LA
LA LA LA *
Captions Copyright 2001
HOME BOX OFFICE
A Division of TIME WARNER
ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY, L.P.
Captioned by
HBO COMMUNICATIONS CENTER